### 11. Events and Extending Schemaorg

One kind of property we would like to add to a landmark or building are the 
events related to the building. In this case the cornerstone was laid in 1922 
and the tower dedicated on November 11, 1949. Other buildings could have dates
they were designed derived from the drawings or dates of renovations. Museums
may be interested in various events in the history of a painting including
provenance and restorations. History museums and historical societies may also
want to refer to various historical events that relate to their exhibits. Each
of these may also want to promote various events happening in the future like
movie screenings, limited time exhibits, and tours. So it may be important to be
able to disambiguate whether an event is in the future or
of some historical significance.

Schema.org has an Event type defined as: "An event happening at a certain time at a 
certain location." That seems broad enough to apply it to either future or 
historic events. But
the message from Google's [support page on Rich Snippets for events](http://support.google.com/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=164506)
gives more specific guidance:

> The goal of events snippets is to provide users with additional information 
> about specific eventsnot to promote complementary products or services. Event 
> markup can be used to mark up events that occur on specific future dates, 
> such as a musical concert or an art festival.

Google has
a different view of the world than cultural heritage organizations.
Because of the focus on the future, we may not want to try to mark up historic
events, as rich snippets may be unlikely to show up for past events. 

Another option may be to use the Schema.org [Extension Mechanism](http://schema.org/docs/extension.html)
to possibly make it clearer to the search engines that certain types of events 
are different. 
As Schema.org is intended as a Web-scale schema, there is no possibility of 
having it fit every kind of data on the web.
The basic mechanism for extending an item type is to take any Schema.org type 
URL, add a forward slash to 
the end, and then add the camel cased name of the extension. So one possibility
to handle historic events would be to extend Event:

    http://schema.org/Event/HistoricEvent

At least the search engines will
understand that these items are some type of event. If enough other folks use the 
same extension and the search engines notice, then the search engines may start
using the data in a meaningful way. There is no public formal process for how 
this might work.
There is still work to be done to have a clear central location to share 
extensions or have a community process to work out new extensions.

The Schema.org extension mechanism has been [controversial](YKK). It causes
some [problems in serializing Microdata to RDF](YKK).
Google does not
follow these rules when creating its own extension of Schema.org for
[software applications](http://support.google.com/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=1645432).
